Oh
welcome to the stage
the evening
I'm getting everything
thank you thank you you know that I just
couldn't resist the big Las Vegas
entrance you know we have been planning
all year for this night I mean can you
believe it the MGM Grand Arena you guys
are real las vegas spectacular you know
i'm at it we're all planet together
unfortunately some of my co-workers
chickened out at the last minute I'm
telling you it was going to be great
Brett Blake and Jeff Hill SC treated
more
as Elvis i choreographed an incredible
cirque de soleil singh
jonathan karl was gonna be I even had a
big closing number for me and
but oh well actually you know it's
probably best because tonight is not
really about us tonight is about
celebrating all of you incredible
incredible accomplishments because of
you we are seeing people change for the
better both physically and financially
you know as we grow the success stories
are being created so frequently that
sometimes I fear that we don't step back
and reflect on the impact that we're
happy tonight is that chance to take a
step back and say wow look at what we
are doing and I have to
what you were doing what we are doing
together is truly truly remarkable you
know we wish that tonight we could bring
each and every one of you up on the
stage tonight to celebrate you that's
not possible but please know this
evening is about celebrating all of you
that have helped someone